welcome to la Vega this is another room
guide today we're in the Luxor Hotel and
Casino we are just leaving so I've just
remembered to do room guide and that's
why via rooms a little bit messy and
there I am hello again the nullity
reproduction and just stepping into the
bar from here we have a marvel wonderful
toilet no matter what you put down it it
disappears and decorated a large sort of
double shower and coming into a salt
bath doesn't look very long baths a nice
and deep and you can fill it right up
and have a good old long soak after the
rigors of Vegas heat it was the just got
to be a magic a hundred yet today which
is about 40 centigrade coming around is
the nice room we stayed at Luxor before
about ten years ago and we had slightly
larger Rowan vent but that was in ear of
a tower another mirror nicely decorated
for pictures of the earth Egypt I think
they're sort of trying to move away from
the Egyptians theme it seems to be
getting a bit of a younger audience to
be lots of nice king size double beds
bit of a luxury coming round little
seating area and then we have any a TV
not a plasma which is interesting but
when you have around about 1,500 rooms
upgrading them all the plasma when the
CRT works is a little bit of expense
look it over cars today if I rain may
camion may come in but that might be a
big bucks but a fairly nice view looking
out looking to veer
west hills and then the Excalibur across
the way and you can sort of see the
walkway and zooming in on one of my
favorite burger restaurant we have a in
and out burger a little bit greasy but
it's all good burgers for you want one
but being eating that jack-in-the-box
quite a bit we've done all the Vegas
trappings gone up and down the strip
about 100 times had a dodge charger to
drive going out to Red Rock gone through
a shopping mall then let's say another
room guys at the locks off on Las Vegas
Boulevard you come to Vegas and you want
to look good hotel reasonably priced and
you don't have to pay a dollar for hands
how every time you go to the restroom
it's a good place where will be again
just keep watching thanks again